hello everyone and I hope you are
very good I'm here again in this
I bring you a hall so let's go to
start I hope you like it good not what
I said but the goals is for clothes or
good clothes and accessories almost everything is
of primark and first of all I'm going
to teach these socks that are from
these invisible little ones
well it was a pack of three what happens
that the other one I think was a panda bear
in black and white plan but I gave it to him
my mother and I stayed these little ones and
bunny whites
and this is that I do not know what a tiger is or
or something like that it 's in brown tones and
White
Well, those are socks
invisible to wear it with tennis like this
short or with some type of sneaker
that you do not want it to obviously look like
sock but maybe not what
You can take with nothing and I thought they were
so cute that I chose it were also
in solid colors and in stripes but I
they liked the little animals and the
I think it was about three
euros I think the pack of these espadrilles
I already have similar ones or they are not
the same ones that are not striped blue
marine and that's how the sole is
like hemp that I do not know what it is
because it's just the border of the sole of
others
the gummy
and well they are the typical espadrilles
of white strips and a coral because
it is neither red nor pink
and the price
this week opens 25 euros
the truth is that he had said that
you have not released but I have blue
marine are super comfortable it goes great and
for the summer I think they are very
chulas I also took these shoes
and it is so brown and blue stripes
marine and white with the cord and what
is the border this as well as in leatherette
and well it is a kind of demo almost
as nautical because when wearing the cord
He cited as nautical type also super
comfortable because very soft and I
It cost eight euros after I wanted to look
some backpacks and how there is also
very well priced because I do not know either
I carry backpack every day simply
so to vary and not go somewhere
with a bag then change the backpack but
that is a little bit will be to dress
a sport backpack my uncle gave me
two from there
this is so super soft
very cool brown because he also makes type
leatherette
with the pockets here
basic and its price is 13 euros
and this other one that is kind to know the
appearance is like crochet or something
that then in the crochet but not the
crochet is as it is durito as esparto
also a pipe or whatever it is that it does not
I understand it a lot about fabrics and good
It takes to follow the details
laces and that and the handles in color
light brown not like camel
closes with square brackets
and this price is ten euros
I loved both of them and I'm sure that
He took a lot of game later also
I wanted a basic denim shirt for
take it mainly
unbuttoned but also how some
moment under holes or whatever
and I caught is also in primark
what's wrong with it
a very dark blue and light blue
Clear
the damn ones I'm usually less
floor fold
the truth is that it is very cool
and it cost me eleven euros later in inside
this little thing that I now so hurry gives
with the lace and a brace today these
neighbors how they scream
and so the sleeve looks the shoulder by the
little hole is a bit long
but come on it has a perfect measure to
I really like the colors I do not know if it
you will see well it is like bill gates because not
It's white and it cost me 12 12 euros yes
because with the discounts that they make
take that he stayed in 12 and I also caught
this basic tee
with the fold milestones here in the sleeve
then and how velvet is pretty
short but I also can not see the
navel I think we see not the premiered but
well, it seems super cool to me
Touch is very nice and to wear it
because inside like that it was a high trouser
or simply because with some shorts for
summer I liked it a lot and I think that
I stayed at seven euros and something yes 7
did not get to 8 euros I wanted some
high waisted high waist pants
so I fucked these pull and bear
that we have not released because I know
buy very little
and they are like that
as you can see from high waist shot
high let's go
I liked them a lot because they are from
cotton and also carry the astana are
elastic but carry a percentage
quite tall cotton and that's why they are
very nice to wear is that way
adjusted and also what I liked a lot
is that I do not have long left
perfect to the ankle because they are
ankles another thing that I loved
and they have that yes the little ones
great and its price is 25 with 99
and well these have been my purchases until
that the hall has arrived I hope that you
I liked it if you want to leave me
Any comment question you already know
thank you very much for seeing me and a kiss
very big